as you can see we finished mixing and
all the mayonnaise and all of those
flavors and we're gonna make a little
salad to go with it okay so this
basically is just going to be a cucumber
salad this is a local cucumber it's very
different to ours you know I mean
incredible really really quite hard and
firm it has seeds in it but it's very
nice in flavor yeah because I've got
some actually cut up here and it's
incredible actually looking at it it's
got more texture about it now a nice
stretch to it look quite as watery you
can yeah you can taste it we really hear
that crunch
let's put those into them but you
wouldn't want to pre make this you want
to season it right at the end with the
vinaigrette right let's make a nice
little dressing and what I'm going to do
here is just take sort of maybe just
half a teaspoon of sugar and then to it
I'm going to add a couple of teaspoons
two or three teaspoons of lime juice now
the great thing about adding anything
citrus to a dressing as it's going to
help dissolve the sugar straight away
something else I want to add is you run
a nice little local rum Griffin is all
about the rum so you know we have to
influence it all right absolutely I
agree now already now I can feel that
sugar is really dissolving léo touch the
all night world we don't need too much
because I don't want to take away I just
want to enhance the may you said a
little rum and walnut vinaigrette so
very very loose very very thin sugar is
now all dissolved spoon some of that on
top of the cucumber and I've also got
some of the tops of spring onions to
finish it off I'm going to add another
color another texture and don't like oh
yes all about the flavor the great thing
about this dish you can keep it as
rustic as you like or you can be and see
as you like and that's what we're going
to do we'll put in one more little bit
so we can really show off what we're
offering here
colors that those colors represent the
Caribbean in the cuisine yeah nice mint
green I always think about that when I
think about Creole cooking
it's colorful with its flavors colourful
with its look as well the solfege takes
a lot of time to prep so well what you
could do is remove the salt the day
ahead and peel it off the bones yeah and
have that ready refrigerate that for up
to 24 hours and you're ready to go
wonderful
right now we've got our little cucumber
salad just to sit on top and we can
build this little Tower then we're going
to add just that last drizzle
vinaigrette on top okay there it is the
green fig banana and saltfish
you